---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "accelbyte_session_template Resource - accelbyte"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This resource represents a session template https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/play/session/configure-session-templates/.
---

# accelbyte_session_template (Resource)

This resource represents a [session template](https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/play/session/configure-session-templates/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "accelbyte_session_template" "test" {
  namespace = "providertest"
  name      = "test"

  // "General" screen - Main configuration
  min_players         = 2
  max_players         = 12
  max_active_sessions = -1

  # custom_session_function = {
  #   on_session_created = false
  #   on_session_updated = false
  #   on_session_deleted = false
  #   on_party_created   = true
  #   on_party_updated   = true
  #   on_party_deleted   = true

  #   custom_url = "https://example.com"
  #   # extend_app = "test-app"
  # }

  // "General" screen - Connection and Joinability
  joinability                  = "OPEN"
  invite_timeout               = 60
  inactive_timeout             = 300
  leader_election_grace_period = 240

  # You can specify one of either: p2p_server, ams_server, or custom_server

  #   p2p_server = {}

  ams_server = {
    requested_regions = [
      "eu-central-1",
      "us-west-2",
    ],
    preferred_claim_keys = [
      "default-match-server"
    ],
  }

  # custom_server = {
  # #   extend_app = "testapp"
  #   custom_url = "https://example.com"
  # }

  // "Additional" screen settings
  auto_join_session           = false
  chat_room                   = false
  secret_validation           = false
  generate_code               = true
  immutable_session_storage   = false
  manual_set_ready_for_ds     = false
  tied_teams_session_lifetime = false
  auto_leave_session          = false

  // "Custom Attributes" screen
  custom_attributes = jsonencode({})
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `joinability` (String) Control which players can join a session, and through which methods:

`OPEN`: Any player can join, either via the session browser or via matchmaking.
`FRIENDS_OF_LEADER`: Only friends of the leader of the session can join, either via the session browser or via matchmaking.
`FRIENDS_OF_FRIENDS`: Only friends of friends of the leader of the session can join, either via the session browser or via matchmaking.
`FRIENDS_OF_MEMBERS`: Friends of any session member can join, either via the session browser or via matchmaking.
`INVITE_ONLY`: Only players who have received an invitation to join the session through either matchmaking, a player in the session requesting to add another player, or a join code that is automatically generated for the session, can join.
`CLOSED`: Players cannot initiate joining a session. They can still be purposefully added as part of matchmaking, or by the game client that requested the creation of the session.
- `max_players` (Number) The maximum number of players in a session.
- `min_players` (Number) The minimum number of players required on each team to start the match.
- `name` (String) Name of session template. All lowercase characters, max 48 characters in length.
- `namespace` (String) Game Namespace which contains the session template. Uppercase characters, lowercase characters, or digits. Max 64 characters in length.

### Optional

- `ams_server` (Attributes) Sessions are hosted by dedicated servers on AMS. Cannot be used in conjunction with `p2p_server` or `custom_server`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ams_server))
- `auto_join_session` (Boolean) Make the player auto-accept the session invitation and join the session directly.
- `auto_leave_session` (Boolean) Limit the player's active game session to always one. The player will leave the current game session when joining a new one. The Player Active Session Limit will be ignored when this config is enabled.
- `chat_room` (Boolean) Provide a text-based chatroom for users to chat with each other.
- `custom_attributes` (String)
- `custom_server` (Attributes) Sessions are hosted by [a custom mechanism of your choosing](https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/extend/override/session-dsm-function/). Cannot be used in conjunction with `p2p_server` or `ams_server`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_server))
- `custom_session_function` (Attributes) Customization points for the session manager. See [docs](https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/extend/override/getting-started-with-session-manager-customization/). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_session_function))
- `generate_code` (Boolean) Generate a code that can be used as a multiple-use, ticket for joining the session. The code will remain valid for the duration of the session.
- `immutable_session_storage` (Boolean) Prevent players from modifying the session storage.
- `inactive_timeout` (Number) Timeout value when inactive players will be removed from the session, based on disconnection event from the lobby.
- `invite_timeout` (Number) Timeout value when invited players will be removed unless they accept or join the invite.
- `leader_election_grace_period` (Number) This is only used for party sessions. When the leader disconnects, it will wait until the value is reached, the leader will be changed.
- `manual_set_ready_for_ds` (Boolean) Require the DS to call a specific endpoint, signaling that the DS will be ready to accept client connections for the game session, before AGS will send players to the DS.
- `max_active_sessions` (Number) The maximum number of sessions of this session template type that a single player can be part of at the same time. -1 = unlimited, >1 = limit value in effect.
- `p2p_server` (Attributes) Sessions are peer-hosted. Cannot be used in conjunction with `ams_server` or `custom_server`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--p2p_server))
- `secret_validation` (Boolean) Generate a secret key for player validation during connection. The secret key will be used to authenticate and validate the player connect and travel to the Dedicated Server (DS).
- `tied_teams_session_lifetime` (Boolean) Link the lifetime of any 'partyId' session within the 'teams' attribute to the game session. This exclusively applies when the 'partyId' within 'teams' is the game session.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Session template identifier, on the format `{{namespace}}/{{name}}`.

<a id="nestedatt--ams_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ams_server`

Optional:

- `fallback_claim_keys` (List of String) The client version has priority over these these claim keys. If a DS cannot be found using either `preferred_claim_keys` or the client version, a third match attempt will be done using these claim keys.
- `preferred_claim_keys` (List of String) These claim keys have priority over the client version. If a DS can be found using these claim keys, the client version will be ignored.
- `requested_regions` (List of String) List of regions that will be considered when finding a suitable DS.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_server`

Optional:

- `custom_url` (String) Custom URL to a HTTP server. This HTTP server will be called for [creating and terminating game sessions](https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/extend/override/session-dsm-function/#contract-functions). Cannot be used in conjunction with `extend_app`.
- `extend_app` (String) Name of an Extend Override app. This app will be called for [creating and terminating game sessions](https://docs.accelbyte.io/gaming-services/services/extend/override/session-dsm-function/#contract-functions). Cannot be used in conjunction with `custom_url`.


<a id="nestedatt--custom_session_function"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_session_function`

Optional:

- `custom_url` (String) Custom URL to a HTTP server. This HTTP server will be called for the events you have enabled. Cannot be used in conjunction with `extend_app`.
- `extend_app` (String) Name of an Extend Override app. This app will be called for the events you have enabled. Cannot be used in conjunction with `custom_url`.
- `on_party_created` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnPartyCreated` callback will be invoked when the party session is created.
- `on_party_deleted` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnPartyDeleted` callback will be invoked when the party session is marked as deleted.
- `on_party_updated` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnPartyUpdated` callback will be invoked whenever there are any modification/updates made to the party session.
- `on_session_created` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnSessionCreated` callback will be invoked when the game session is created.
- `on_session_deleted` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnSessionDeleted` callback will be invoked when the game session is marked as deleted.
- `on_session_updated` (Boolean) If set to true, the `OnSessionUpdated` callback will be invoked whenever there are any modification/updates made to the game session.


<a id="nestedatt--p2p_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `p2p_server`
